How about expert Sun?
One person has been in the antique world for 41 years
Never seen grapes so orange
Sir, it really opened my eyes today
Don't worry, it's a national treasure-level pot pond.
Its value is second to none in the entire Dragon Kingdom
The minimum value is more than 80 million
Please also fill in
Treasure name and auction price
I can also make arrangements.
Then there is Lao Liu's family.
Where? Where?
Oh, right.
This special invitation also invites you to Shauna
This auction is brilliant because of you
Hey, goodbye ma
you
Ruyan, listen to me, why do you worry about the late night?
How can it be a verbiage of a small family?
Wow, that's big.
This is the best
You two came just in time
This auction is a VIP guest
Pass the order down
Invitation letter in gold, silver and copper
Distribute to major wealthy chambers of commerce in Yunzhou
This person can sell such a valuable treasure at auction
This is the surname of my Liu family
I want to take this opportunity to make the entire Yunzhou
When witnessing the lifting treasure descend
That's right, smoke
Your grandfather's health is not getting better day by day
Your wedding with Young Master Jiang should also be on the agenda.
Look at the whole Yunzhou
Asking for leave is also unique
Besides, the night business reality of Jiangshan screen
If you don't marry him
Who will save you?
himself
Could it be him?
If you leave, you will know you will leave.
Are you satisfied now?
The golden tortoise-in-law that got it flew for me
You really don't think you studied Miss Liu late at night
According to the information I just got
The one who shot was Night God, the first divine doctor of the Dragon Kingdom
It has nothing to do with Ye Yan
Look at the bottom of the sea, it's our Liu Shao
The future of my royal family depends on you
Unlike Yan Yan, that trash
The whole body is hard-mouthed
Follow his sick dog girl
Director Liu of the First Hospital
He is a relative of our Liu family
Dead or alive, just a word from me
Without further ado
Let's go to the hospital
Divorced and want to report my Wang family's money
Doors are useless